c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\GraphicsCore.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\GraphicsCore.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Desktop.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.Effects.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Mathematics.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.D3DCompiler.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Desktop.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.Effects.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\bin\Debug\SharpDX.Mathematics.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\obj\Debug\EngineCore.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\obj\Debug\GraphicsCore.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WavesSimulator\GraphicsCore\obj\Debug\GraphicsCore.pdb
